TODO.md, before:

# TODO
- Make animation setting process easier?
- Customize rendering process to a greater degree
- Add layers for rendering
- Use culling in rendering
- Implement isometric projection
# Links, Research
- <https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-isometric-worlds-a-primer-for-game-developers--gamedev-6511>
- <https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/6cmnwf/how_to_create_an_isometric_world_without_tiles>
- <https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-isometric-worlds-primer-for-game-developers-updated--cms-28392>
- <https://www.construct.net/hu/forum/construct-classic/construct-classic-discussion-37/wow-2d-graphics-with-3d-lighti-35225>
- <http://danielmagliola.com/portfolio/gaming/isoengine>
- <https://www.gamedev.net/forums/topic/288140-dynamic-lighting-in-isometric-game>
- <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/tree/2.1/2d/isometric_light>
- <https://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/index.php?topic=23751.0>
- <https://github.com/SFML/SFML/wiki/Project:-Thor>

Commit message:

Add RenderScene, SceneNode for tree structure of rendering, add Drawable, update TODO.md

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
- Setting size of sprite/game object
- Relative positioning of child nodes in SceneNode
    - Change SetPosition
- Manage life cycle of game objects (who's the owner)
- Event type handling compile time
- Seperate SFML specific implementations from abstract
- Camera control (zoom, move in 4 directions)
- Use culling in rendering
- Make it easy to create grid
- Implement isometric projection
- Randomized tiled for equilancy classes (e.g. grass, ground)
- Engine generated dynamic tiles (e.g. water, fire)
- Dynamic lightning

# Links, Research
- <https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-isometric-worlds-a-primer-for-game-developers--gamedev-6511>
- <https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/6cmnwf/how_to_create_an_isometric_world_without_tiles>
- <https://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/tutorials/creating-isometric-worlds-primer-for-game-developers-updated--cms-28392>
- <https://www.construct.net/hu/forum/construct-classic/construct-classic-discussion-37/wow-2d-graphics-with-3d-lighti-35225>
- <http://danielmagliola.com/portfolio/gaming/isoengine>
- <https://www.gamedev.net/forums/topic/288140-dynamic-lighting-in-isometric-game>
- <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/tree/2.1/2d/isometric_light>
- <https://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/index.php?topic=23751.0>
- <https://github.com/SFML/SFML/wiki/Project:-Thor>
